---
layout: post
title: Code Club
date: 2018-09-09 15:01 +1200
---

Code club, I find the speakers here are interesting and you get to learn a few things along the way.

First, we had Reuben Crimp – Computational Humour, this was an interesting topic. He started off by asking the room “how many people believe Google chatbot is scripted”, most of the room did and it was a funny way to start the presentation. 

It was interesting because he said you could get the IBM Watson API, not sure what you would do with the API but probably use the information to build AI for yourself. I found IBM Watson very interesting, he beat geniuses on a game show, very good to see where technology is heading, and I believe AI is going to be the future. 

The other interesting feature he showed was Ted talks on Heather Knight and Data. Fully understand that most of the jokes were scripted but the AI still calculates the joke depending on the green and red charts shown from the audience, but it also calculates via audio.

Reuben went on about how the English language is complex and there are many ways to interoperate a word and jokes could be difficult to make. I fully understand this, but I asked a question, why not start off by teaching the AI children jokes and let it learn from there and then start working on more complex jokes but he didn’t seem to understand my question, or my question was really dumb. I don’t know if this was true because the host of code club understood my question and tried to explain by making a simple children’s joke, but Reuben still didn’t seem to understand unfortunately.

The second was Jesse from code lingo, this seems like a very interesting startup because it will check if the entire application has errors, you can search for certain code and highlight in a feature called Playground. I remember there was a project in Software Engineering for them. I think Brett, Grayson, Cade were doing that project and there were many complaints about no comments in the code, which understandable for a second-year student taking on some elses code and trying to figure it out, I doubt many would understand and take a while to decipher. Personally, I think this is a very interesting adventure, but their main language is "Go" at the moment and still developing on others. The coders look young and probably could battle to explaining this code and what it does. Maybe I am speculating. I hope it goes well for them. 